Update ios.md (#13469)
expo/expo: docs/pages/submit/ios.md

## 1. Build a standalone app

> You'll need a built native app binary. You can either use the [EAS Build](introduction.md) service or do it on your own.
> If you haven't you need to install EAS CLI by running `npm install -g eas-cli`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll need a native app binary signed for store submission. You can either use the [EAS Build](introduction.md) service or do it on your own. You will also need to have EAS CLI installed and authenticated with your Expo account: `npm install -g eas-cli & eas login`.
```
